#LyX 1.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 221
\textclass scrartcl
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

Ghf: An Integrated Development Environment for Haskell
\series medium 

\newline 
Version 0.1
\layout Author

Jürgen Nicklisch-Franken
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \tableofcontents{}

\end_inset 


\layout Section*

License
\layout Standard

Ghf has been put under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2.
 The full licence text can be found in the file data/gpl.txt in the distribution.
\layout Section

Introduction
\layout Standard

Ghf is an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for the programming language
 Haskell.
 It is written in Haskell.
 Ghf is intended as a practical tool to support the Haskell development
 process.
 The development has been started because no such tools were available at
 this time.
 The development of an IDE is a big issue, so Ghf is intended to become
 a community project and everyone is invited to contribute.
 If you are a user or just test Ghf, we would appreciate to here from you
 and problems and wishes for Ghf.
\layout Standard

Ghf uses GTK+ as GUI Toolkit with the gtk2hs binding.
 It is plattform independend and should run on any plattform where GTK+,
 gtk2hs and ghc can be installed.
 (It is currently been tested on Windows and Linux).
 It uses the Cabal package management and build system for Package Management.
 It uses Haddock for source code documentation.
 It currently only supports the Glasgow Haskell Compiler (ghc).
 It would be possible to integrated with other compilers, but their are
 no plans to do this.
\layout Subsection

Further Information
\layout Standard

For further informatin about Ghf use the URL 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl[www.haskell.org/ghf]{www.haskell.org/ghf}

\end_inset 

For the Programming language Haskell go to 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl[www.haskell.org]{www.haskell.org}

\end_inset 

.
 For information about GTK+ go to 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl[www.gtk.org]{www.gtk.org}

\end_inset 

.
 For information about Ghc go to 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl[www.haskell.org/ghc]{www.haskell.org/ghc}

\end_inset 

.
 For reporting bugs go to ###.
\layout Subsection

Version numbering
\layout Standard

We have adopted the following policy for numbering Ghf versions: Stable
 Releases are numbered x.y, where y is even.
 Releases on the stable branch x.y are numbered x.y.z, where z (>= 1) is the
 patchlevel number.
 Patchlevels are bug-fix releases only, and never change the user interface
 in a substantial way.
\layout Standard

Development releases are numbered x.y.z, where y is uneven.
 
\layout Standard

The version number of your copy of Ghf can be found by invoking ghf with
 the --version flag or by looking in the Help/About box.
\layout Subsection

Release Notes
\layout Subsubsection

Version 0.2
\layout Standard

This is a first release of Ghf and incomplete.
 It has been tested with GHC 6.6.1 and 6.8 under Linux and Windows.
\layout Section

Installing Ghf
\layout Enumerate

Install GHC in a version compatible with the version of Ghf you want to
 use.
 
\newline 
###
\layout Enumerate

Install GTK+ and gtk2hs in a version compatible with the version of GHC
 you just installed.
\newline 
###
\layout Enumerate

Download, configure, build and install the binary package with typical Cabal
 procedure.
\newline 
###
\layout Enumerate

Download, configure, build and install Ghf with typical Cabal procedure.
 
\newline 
Source paths ###.
 If you want to run Ghf without installing, see 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \ref{sub:Installing-Ghf-for}

\end_inset 

.
 
\layout Section

Quickstart
\layout Section

The Editor
\layout Subsection

Keymaps
\layout Subsection

Source Candy
\layout Section

The View Frame
\layout Section

Preferences
\layout Subsection

Session
\layout Section

Packages (Cabal)
\layout Section

Navigation
\layout Subsection

The Collector
\layout Section

Interpreter
\layout Section

Debugger
\layout Section

Documentation (Haddock)
\layout Section

Versioning (Darcs)
\layout Section

Tests (Quick Check)
\layout Section

Program Coverage (HPC)
\layout Section

Profiling
\layout Section

Refactoring (HaRe)
\layout Section

Analysis & Design (FAD)
\layout Section

Internals for Developers
\layout Subsection


\begin_inset LatexCommand \label{sub:Installing-Ghf-for}

\end_inset 

Installing Ghf for Development
\layout Section

Known Bugs
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \printindex{}

\end_inset 


\the_end
